What six tablets?
Okay, little junior brother is too amazing
That's impossible.
Ye Wuji, this kid's boss is in Haorizong
Only two pins
How long has it been?
Even if you take a panacea
It is impossible to break through so fast
How is this possible?
I saw it clearly when I first entered the sect
It is obviously the cultivation base of the 4th grade.
How did you break through to rank 6 in such a short time?
How did he practice?
This guy has a terrifying cultivation talent
Even me
I can't break through from the fourth grade to the sixth grade so quickly
I didn't expect him to be able to do it
That punch was just a lesson
How do you want to keep your mouth shut?
Not everyone can despise the blue door
Xie Wuji
What are you proud of? Isn't it the sixth-grade cultivation base?
What is the ability to bully a fifth-grade?
The next Bai Xiaotian
You go up and down
Why are you afraid?
It's too late to surrender
Wang Fuye was very lucky to see what you said just now.
Well, this time the two competitions
Your Canopy Jianzong has come to a total of 3 Sixth Rank
7 five items
I'm in a hurry.
Let's go with the remaining 9 people